And we got the successful sign in response.
We got the token and the user.
How good is that?
I can see the token and we get to use it.
It's the exact same code we previously got doing the sign up as well.
So this is good.
Now let's try it now.
Let's try with the wrong password possibilities.
Tom.
Wrong password and see what happens.
You can see here we got this error prone parser error we are getting there hobo in a display here but
there is obviously we can do we can take for the data error and if there is error weekend it's so simple
just in our two figures and I guess everything is looking good if you try some invalid email that you
can see no use a finally that email.
So it all looks good.
Let's finish this up.
So let's remove the controller.
And if it is successful, we can.
So the toast notification, we can send the user into context and also the local story, just like we
did before doing sign up.
All right.
So
save the user and go into context.
Save the user and token to the local stories.
And then redirect you.
Right.
So when they sign in, we should redirect them to maybe their desperate or maybe home base.
At the moment we can just redirect to home base and then later when we have these desperate, we can
just redirect them there.
It's going to be nice and easy.
All right.
So Token.
So the context, obviously, we have to access the context.
So let's access import our context from.
So we are right here.
So we go one step up, get insert context.
Context.
Oh, and to use the context, we need to use context.
You guys want use context.
And then you let's use context.
Let me put this on top of this.
Like to put the context on top and then local, state underneath.
All right.
So here we are trying to access us, set up to use context of context.
Then we can use the set of function to update the user information in the context.
Right to.
Here.
Set of.
Let me double check the context.
All right.
So we have the using the two.
So set off.
What are you going to do?
We don't actually have to do anything.
We can indirectly give this data because this data has the user and context.
So to use it and so we can directly set it, do data, use the data to set up.
And then we want to say in the local source as well, so the local stories don't set item to save anything
we use set item function.
We give the key we use all.
Then the data.
We have to use the decent string only because we want to save this as a decent data.
That's important.
So decent string.
Finally we just use data.
So this is exactly what we did before in sign up as.
You might remember.
You can have a look at it here.
All right, so we saved that and then we should.
TUSHNET Because so let's do that.
And then the Lori and the redirect
and I could then redirect the user.
So since we are redirecting, we don't have to.
I said lowering defaults.
You know we are redirecting anyways so.
Let's use the toast and then redo it.
We we have to use the user, our Roku.
Before we do that, let's.
So the toast notification those.
Success successfully signed in so it's so that total notification and to reiterate the use and it's
import the context from next to that one is called use Aurora from the next round.
And then to use that we can use books because Aurora equals to use Aurora, we can execute that hook
and put that value in the rather variable.
And then this will give us all the functionalities from this function.
And the one we are going to use now is Aurora.
And the dart was going to use the push function and this function we have to give the URL.
Where do you want to push the user at the moment?
Let's just leave it to homepage for our.
Later we come back into.
All right.
So I think that is all we need.
Let's give it a try.
I get say and Ryan and Jimmy.
Successfully signed in and we have been redirected to home base.
Absolutely beautiful.
Also.
All right.
So the next thing we want to do now is
implement the.
You can see we saved it by the name of.
I was.
I guess this is from another application.
Sorry.
So what happens is if you're building more than one application at the same time and they are running
in the same you are 3000, then you might see some data that is that belongs to the other application
as well I guess is sometimes you may get some weird errors in that case.
You may want to come to stories and clear all the site data.
All right.
So you can always do that.
In my case, this is from the other project that I was doing.
So let me just click and remove.
All right.
So let's now focus on conditionally rendering the links.
So if user is signed in, then obviously we don't want to show these links.
Sign up and sign it.
Right.
So conditional, let's hide into these links.
And then if a user is logged in, we need to show the sign out a log out link.
If user is not logged in, then only then we saw these two links and it's going to be same for the desperate
as well.
So if the logged in only then we show the desperate and desperate answer based on the users role, we
have to make sure the links are different.
I will implement those things step by step as we progress.